README.md, before:

# Word Guessing Game
# Validator Testing

### HTML
     -No errors were returned when passing through the official W3C validator.
![html report](assets/readMeImage/html.png)

### CSS
     -No errors were found when passing through the official (Jigsaw) validator.
![css report](assets/readMeImage/css.PNG)

### JS
      -No issues were found through JS Hint.
![JS report](assets/readMeImage/js.PNG)


### Lighthouse
The page achieved great performance.

![report](assets/readMeImage/report.PNG)





# Libraries & Programs 

    - Github, to store my repository
    - Gitpod, to create my project files
    - Google Fonts, for my font family 'Source Sans Pro'
    - Favicon, for my project icons
    - Am I Responsive?
    - Dev Tools, to ensure the site looked good across different devices


# Deployment

The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:

In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab. On the left-hand side under ‘Code and automation’, select ‘Pages’ and from the source section drop-down menu, select the Main Branch. Once the main branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refresh with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment. The live link can be found here [Word Guessing Game](https://sediqa01.github.io/Word-Guessing-Game/)

Commit message:

Add Testing section to readme file

README.md, after:

# Word Guessing Game

# Testing

- I tested that this game works in different browsers : Chrome , Firefox , Safari . 
- I confirmed that this project is responsive , looks good and functions on all standard screen sizes using the devtools device toolbar .
- I confirmed that the reset button works correct.

**Note: *** This game has been written with Javascript knowledge I possess at this moment in time. I am, aware that there might be more better ways/functions I could use, so I'm planning on revisiting this at a later stage when I have a better and more in-depth grasp of the subject.



# Validator Testing

### HTML
- No errors were returned when passing through the official W3C validator.
![html report](assets/readMeImage/html.png)

### CSS
- No errors were found when passing through the official (Jigsaw) validator.
![css report](assets/readMeImage/css.PNG)

### JS
- No issues were found through JS Hint.
![JS report](assets/readMeImage/js.PNG)





# Libraries & Programs 

    - Github, to store my repository
    - Gitpod, to create my project files
    - Google Fonts, for my font family 'Source Sans Pro'
    - Favicon, for my project icons
    - Am I Responsive?
    - Dev Tools, to ensure the site looked good across different devices


# Deployment

The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:

In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab. On the left-hand side under ‘Code and automation’, select ‘Pages’ and from the source section drop-down menu, select the Main Branch. Once the main branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refresh with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment. The live link can be found here [Word Guessing Game](https://sediqa01.github.io/Word-Guessing-Game/)
